# 超时事件总结

## BLUETOOTH SPECIFICATION Version 5.0 | Vol 3, Part H page 2339

### 3.4 SMP TIMEOUT

To protect the Security Manager protocol from stalling, a Security Manager Timer is used. Upon transmission of the Security Request command or reception of the Security Request command, the Security Manager Timer shall be reset and restarted. Upon transmission of the Pairing Request command or reception of the Pairing Request command, the Security Manager Timer shall be reset and started.

The Security Manager Timer shall be reset when an L2CAP SMP command is queued for transmission.

When a Pairing process completes, the Security Manager Timer shall be stopped.

If the Security Manager Timer reaches 30 seconds, the procedure shall be considered to have failed, and the local higher layer shall be notified. 

No further SMP commands shall be sent over the L2CAP Security Manager Channel. A new Pairing process shall only be performed when a new physical  link  as been established.


##BLUETOOTH SPECIFICATION Version 5.0 | Vol 6, Part B page 2639

### 4.5.2 Supervision Timeout
A connection can break down due to various reasons such as a device moving out of range, encountering severe interference or a power failure condition. Since this may happen without any prior warning, it is important for both the master and the slave to monitor the status of the connection.

To be able to detect link loss, both the master and the slave shall use a Link Layer connection supervision timer,TLLconnSupervision. Upon reception of a valid packet, the timer shall be reset.

If the Link Layer connection supervision timer reaches 6 * connInterval before the connection is established (see Section 4.5), the connection shall be considered lost. This enables fast termination of connections that fail to establish.

Connection supervision timeout (connSupervisionTimeout) is a parameter that defines the maximum time between two received Data Packet PDUs before the connection is considered lost. The connSupervisionTimeout shall be a multiple of 10 ms in the range of 100 ms to 32.0 s and it shall be larger than (1 + connSlaveLatency) * connInterval * 2.

If at any time in Connection State after the connection has been established and the timer reaches the connSupervisionTimeout value, the connection shall be considered lost.

If the connection is considered lost, the Link Layer shall not send any further packets. The Link Layer exits the Connection State and shall transition to the Standby State. The Host shall be notified of the loss of connection.

## BLUETOOTH SPECIFICATION Version 5.0 | Vol 6, Part B page 2684

### 5.2 PROCEDURE RESPONSE TIMEOUT

This section specifies procedure timeout rules that shall be applied to all the Link Layer control procedures specified in Section 5.1, except for the Connection Update and Channel Map Update procedures for which there are no timeout rules.

To be able to detect a non-responsive Link Layer Control Procedure, both the master and the slave shall use a procedure response timeout timer, TPRT.Upon the initiation of a procedure, the procedure response timeout timer shall be reset and started.

Each LL Control PDU that is queued for transmission resets the procedure response timeout timer.

When the procedure completes, the procedure response timeout timer shall be stopped.

If the procedure response timeout timer reaches 40 seconds, the connection is considered lost. The Link Layer exits the Connection State and shall transition to the Standby State. The Host shall be notified of the loss of connection.
